{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green9\blue9;\red17\green109\blue18;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c3529\c3529\c3529;\csgenericrgb\c6667\c42745\c7059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17940\viewh11700\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 ALL_TESTS = [\
    \cf3 "1. Test cardholder resource is initially empty"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "2. Test POST cardholder1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "3. Test GET cardholder1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "4. Test PUT cardholder1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "5. Test that PUT cardholder1 updated correctly"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "6. Test GET all cardholders"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "7. Validate results from previous GET all cardholders"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "8. Test DELETE cardholder2"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "9. Test that GET cardholder2 is NOT FOUND"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "10. Test GET cardholders with query string for cardholder3"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "11. Test POST cardholder with invalid media type"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "12. Test POST cardholder with missing parameter"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "13. Test GET cardholder with incorrect ID"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "14. Test fines computed correctly by cardholders service"\cf2 ,\
\
    \cf3 "15. Test books resource is initially empty"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "16. Test POST book1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "17. Test GET book1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "18. Test PUT book1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "19. Test that PUT book1 updated correctly"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "20. Test GET all books"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "21. Validate results from previous GET all books"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "22. Test DELETE book2"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "23. Test that GET book2 is NOT FOUND"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "24. Test GET books with query string for book3"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "25. Test POST book with invalid media type"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "26. Test POST book with missing parameter"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "27. Test GET book with incorrect ID"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "28. Test POST book with incorrect genre"\cf2 ,\
\
    \cf3 "29. Test borrows resource is initially empty"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "30. Test POST borrow1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "31. Test GET borrow1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "32. Test PUT borrow1"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "33. Test that PUT borrow1 updated correctly"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "34. Test GET all borrows"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "35. Validate results from previous GET all borrows"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "36. Test DELETE borrow2"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "37. Test that GET borrow2 is NOT FOUND"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "38. Test GET books with query string for borrow3"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "39. Test POST borrow with invalid media type"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "40. Test POST borrow with missing parameter"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "41. Test GET borrow with incorrect ID"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "42. Test borrow is not allowed if 2 or more books are already overdue"\
\
    "43. Test GET all logs"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "44. Validate results from previous GET all logs"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "45. Test GET logs with query string"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "46. Test POST log with invalid media type"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "47. Test POST log with missing parameter"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "48. Test GET log with incorrect ID"\cf2 ,\
    \cf3 "49. Test deleting logs is not allowed"\
\cf2 ]\
}